Add documentation of Neato OAuth flow (#15846)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/neato.markdown

- **Switch** - allows you to enable or disable the schedule.
- [**Vacuum**](#vacuum)

> ## Setup the integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration
```

> 1. Visit <https://developers.neatorobotics.com/applications> and create a new app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visit [the Neato Developer Network](https://developers.neatorobotics.com/applications) and create a new app.
```

<div class='note'>
You will have to enter an name, a description and your redirect URL.
If homeassistant runs on <https://hass.example.com> your redirect URL would be <https://hass.example.com/auth/external/callback>.

> Please note that you must use a secure redirect URL (https://).

Reviewer: Having SSL is not a requirement of the OAuth2 specifications?

Author: Unfortunately neato requires that the redirect URL starts with https. I tried it and it doesn't work without ssl.

![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15657682/101462091-0df65300-393c-11eb-905f-5c6759091000.png)

Reviewer: I hate that companies divert slightly and making their own protocols 😢

> <div class='note'>
> You will have to enter an name, a description and your redirect URL.
> If homeassistant runs on <https://hass.example.com> your redirect URL would be <https://hass.example.com/auth/external/callback>.
> Please note that you must use a secure redirect URL (https://).
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class='note'>

You will have to enter a name, a description and your redirect URL.

If Home Assistant runs on `https://hass.example.com` your redirect URL would be `https://hass.example.com/auth/external/callback`.

Please note that you must use a secure redirect URL (`https://`).

</div>
```

- **Switch** - allows you to enable or disable the schedule.
- [**Vacuum**](#vacuum)

## Configuration

> 1. Visit [the Neato Developer Network](https://developers.neatorobotics.com/applications) and create a new app.

Reviewer 2: Lets make sure to mention the user needs to check all 3 scopes for the items below:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1634145/101953236-e0651000-3bae-11eb-88b9-965a1fde053f.png)

Author: Done. Thanks :)
